There you go!
Catch it.
Gosh.
It's sunny,
so why is it thundering so ominously?
Dad,
my mood was just right.
Oh, my bad.
Even thunder can't mess with your vibe.
Never mind. I'm done shooting.
What's wrong?
Where are you going?
Hi there.
I'm Lee Ui Yeong. We spoke on the phone.
Excuse me?
Sir?
- What?
- Gosh!
I'm really sorry about that!
So sorry!
My apologies!
Wait, Tae Seop?
How come you're here?
Did you
come all this way for me?
What? Me?
Oh, not at all. It's a work thing.
Hold on, are you...
Lee Eun Ho?
I'm the CEO of HOME.
Oh, I thought...
So you're the CEO of...
What?
Dad, some lady's over at Uncle's tent.
What are you talking about?
[Episode 4]
Thank you.
So you both run the company together?
What's your name?
- Lee Sua.
- I see.
She's my daughter. She's seven.
You had no clue he ran HOME?
No.
I heard you two were set up once.
A buddy and I started
a space branding firm called HOME.
A space brand...
Sounds like you two have a great bond.
Yeah.
- You were aware the whole time.
- Yeah.
Wait, you knew?
A quick call or message would've been nice.
We could've avoided this whole mess.
I thought the job would reveal it on its own.
Yet look where we ended up.
Right...
We kind of brought this on ourselves.
Who told you we were camping here?
Were you tracking us down?
Nothing shady.
All above board.
Thank you.
Excuse me. Hello.
Any idea where in Chuncheon I can find the CEO?
Sorry?
There's something I must tell him.
He's going to wish he heard me out.
What I
wanted to say is...
I'm truly sorry.
I've learned
that overstepping starts with thinking
"this much is fine."
I also owe you another apology
for the copied designs.
The news said
the hotel was unaware too.
You're right, we were in the dark.
Still, better due diligence on our end
could've prevented it.
I can't believe you showed up
just because I said to.
How are you this cooperative?
Now I feel like the villain.
Not at all.
To be fair,
Tae Seop carried most of the weight.
Around the clock, really.
Anyway...
apology accepted.
Thank you so much.
Seriously, I appreciate it.
Okay, time to say something.
Tell them about the fresh pitch.
Explain how this deal works out for all of us.
Show them they can't lose.
Those words should be coming out, but...
Come on, just say it...
Just open your mouth...
My lips won't move.
Anything else on your mind?
Actually...
I came with presents.
I brought a few things from the hotel.
Well, this seat seems to be for me?
Here's some meat.
And Sua,
I brought chocolate for you.
Looks tasty, huh?
Right.
Bringing up business
right after saying sorry is tacky.
Let me ease the tension first,
get them comfortable.
Looks like we can skip the grocery run.
And after that, I'll make my move.
Since you traveled so far, eat with us.
Can I lend a hand at all?
Oh, please relax.
I'd never ask a guest to do chores.
All right.
So what are you going to do?
You were waiting for her to reach out.
Head down by the river and get some air.
Let me take care of this.
Everything's handled on this end.
You've got this.
Hyun Min.
Yeah?
Getting a permanent spot seems unlikely, huh?
Well...
Nobody can predict that yet.
How about food and some soju?
Not tonight. Let's do it another day.
Sae Byeok,
treat yourself this weekend.
Find something entertaining to watch,
and stop worrying so much.
The future's a mystery for everyone,
right?
- All right.
- Things will fall into place.
Sua,
I'll be your camerawoman.
No thanks.
You didn't even check.
I'm so good.
What vibe?
Vertical? Face cam?
Or like a performance video style?
Okay, you know what you're doing.
Make me look taller.
If it comes out good,
you owe me some hangout time.
- Okay.
Make you look tall?
Oh, you look so much taller.
Not perfect yet.
Give me a sec.
Sua, come here real quick.
Perfect! Have a look.
So cute.
Are you happy with it?
So pretty. The weather makes it even better.
Sua, turn this way and look here.
That's it.
Great.
Sua, move to the flower side, right here.
Perfect.
Good, come closer.
Yeah.
Hold it right there.
Perfect.
Here, have a look.
Check it out. What do you think?
I love it.
Nailed it, right?
It's Uncle!
Hey, Uncle!
[Too bad, no new chats yet...]
[28 people favorited me!]
I look this attractive
and not one date lined up.
I don't want to swipe anymore.
I'll just read comics.
Soonmu.
I'm interested in the comics you posted.
They're not too outdated to read now, right?
Alright, the time has come to send you off.
I'll take good care so the value stays up.
Outdated?
These are classics.
Timeless masterpieces.
Are there plenty of attractive guys in it?
For sure,
the illustrations are unreal.
Oh, nice.
I can't wait to start reading.
Can we meet today?
Let me see the condition first,
then I'll take it.
Today?
[Ready to move forward with this buyer?]
[Reserved]
Bet she'll love this one.
Okay.
What's your go-to malatang order?
Glass noodles and fried tofu for me.
You?
Snow fungus and dried tofu skin for me.
Oh yeah?
Hold on, Sua.
Did you call her "unnie"?
You never warm up to strangers this fast.
That's not true!
Tae Seop, are you getting dinner ready?
That's right.
Sua, here...
Over here.
I can carry it.
How did he know my shoes were wet?
That's my girl, Sua.
This is super fresh!
Look at Sua, all grown up now, huh?
You alright?
Gosh...
- Hand it over. I got it.
- Yeah.
Sorry, I just wanted to pitch in.
I get it, but just go have a seat.
You're too close to the flame. Not safe.
Yeah, come here.
Get me some juice, please.
Do I look like your waiter?
Thanks.
One more, please.
- Ask nicely.
- Please.
Unnie, your face is super red right now.
You look like a baked sweet potato.
Oh, really?
It's just so warm in here.
Meat's ready.
- Help yourselves.
- Thank you, I'll enjoy it.
Good?
We should scrap the interior design business.
This is incredible. It's so tender.
There's a ton of meat left.
Just have some with us for now.
Yeah, grab a bite too.
Here, Sua, say "ah."
I'm fine. I don't want any.
My stomach's not empty.
What? Don't come crying when it's all gone.
I'm going to eat it all.
- Huh?
- What?
I think she'll want food later tonight.
She snacked too much during the day.
What animal does Sua like?
A rabbit, a bear, or a swan?
She loves them all, honestly.
- Rabbits?
- Rabbits, huh?
Suite guest Ms. Sua,
your room service is here.
Here are some mini burgers just for you.
Enjoy your meal.
Soonmu.
I'm here.
I'm in the red hoodie.
You're JoongKkeokMa, right?
Actually,
it's JoongKkakMa,
like "what matters is unshakable spirit."
- What?
- Well...
So you're HeungCheongMangCheong?
My username is HeungJeongMangJeong.
I see...
If there's even a booger smudge on these,
the deal's off.
I'm not that kind of person, okay?
Oh, please.
Everyone picks their nose.
Hey, we're not at a manga cafe here.
I zone in fast, that's all.
Don't make it weird.
So...
skip these two worn ones
and knock off ten thousand won.
No, this is a set. That doesn't work.
Plus, this scene right here...
You can't say you've read it
without seeing this part.
Well, that's the reader's call.
I'm buying this
for this guy.
I want to see this guy play basketball.
Otherwise, at least cut me a deal.
It says right in the listing.
No haggling.
My eyes hurt.
All right then, how about we let a game decide?
A game?
So you don't actually plan to buy.
- Hold on.
- You keep changing the subject...
We're here over a basketball manga,
so why not play for it?
I win, you drop ten thousand won.
You win, I'll pay ten thousand more.
Ten thousand won?
You're challenging me to one-on-one?
One on... what?
No confidence in that?
Fine, we can rock-paper-scissors instead.
Yeah, you're definitely scared.
There's no way I lose in basketball.
Okay, I'm ready.
You sure you won't regret this?
Deal.
Hold on, this is an arcade game!
What?
Look at this.
It's literally a basketball game.
Any five-year-old could tell you.
Fork over one thousand won to play.
Come on, hurry.
Okay.
Let me show you how it's done.
I'll go real easy on you.
[Target Score, 20] [Your Score, 39]
How is that all going in...
[Time over]
[Bonus points earned]
Yes!
You see that score? 145.
Now you're up.
Go ahead now.
For someone who wasn't interested...
Okay.
My left hand only guides the ball.
He's not bad.
Seriously, knock it off!
You're playing so dirty right now.
What's dirty about it?
I never said blocking was a foul.
Okay.
Then body contact's fair game too, right?
[Three points]
I need to focus.
[GRADE, C, ACCURACY, 65%]
[TOTAL SCORE, 129]
All right, let's make it best of three.
Let's play a different game.
What else is there?
Bring it on.
Get over here.
Stop getting in my way like that.
What? Look, right over there!
You're finished!
Okay.
Drift.
Come on.
Did you catch my ultimate technique?
- Don't talk to me informally.
- Okay.
We are merely small specks
in this infinite cosmos.
Sua,
I'm going to let you have a marshmallow today.
- For real?
- Let's go.
Let's go.
- Do you feel uncomfortable?
- What?
No, it is not awkward.
- Did you see the shooting star?
- What?
Hurry up and make a wish.
I hope my mom, Seung Jun, Dad,
Sua, Tae Seop, Eun Ho, and I
are all healthy and happy,
and please let my salary increase,
and since I've not given up on dating,
please look after me.
Why do you have such a lengthy wish?
I don't often get the opportunity
to make a wish.
Did you wish for anything?
Well, didn't you wish to get married?
What?
No. Why...
You brought that up
at our first meeting,
and I was quite shocked.
I'm...
at an age for serious dating,
and...
I spoke too forcefully
while trying to say I'm interested in you.
So that's what you meant?
So,
did you go on another date
because I caught you off guard about marriage?
Well, it did catch me by surprise.
But you told me to go for it so coolly,
so I figured you just weren't into me.
I did, didn't I?
It's strange, isn't it?
Being considerate only drove us further apart.
The more I try to ignore you,
the more I can't help but notice you.
I tried to keep it professional today, but...
honestly,
you're still all I can think about.
Look, this is really good.
Oh, thanks.
Okay.
Here.
Give it to me.
I know what he means
about noticing someone
the harder he tries to stop.
Even though I've messed everything up,
I find myself getting my hopes up again.
Sua fell asleep.
Oh, watch your step.
I forgot about this one.
I'll wash this quickly. Put Sua to bed.
I'd appreciate that. Thanks.
Hey.
If she is okay with it,
let's ask her to sleep over.
You and I can share a tent,
and she can sleep with Sua.
It's way too dark out here in the mountains.
Yeah, I gotta tidy up the tent.
[Dad, Uncle]
[Whiskey Brand Pop-up Proposal]
[Team Manager Oh Myeong Un]
I totally forgot.
Or was I just avoiding it?
It's me.
Did he agree to work with us?
Well, I'm keeping an eye on things.
I think we should wait until we're in Seoul
to officially sit down
and pitch the proposal...
I mean, who takes a cab all the way
out to Chuncheon just to apologize?
Since you're already there,
act like you own the place.
Don't look pathetic, okay?
Pathetic?
If they say no, we just walk away. Simple.
Got it?
Hello?
Is the signal bad?
No, I hear you loud and clear.
I'll talk to him.
That's why I'm staying up so late for this.
Okay.
Nina,
I cursed and resented you.
I tore up your letters and photographs.
But I never forgot
that my soul is tied
to yours for eternity.
I can't bring myself to hate you, Nina.
Great work out there today.
You all did great.
Great job, everyone.
- Let's wrap up and go grab a drink.
- Sounds good.
For the wrap party.
Yeah, our usual BBQ spot by the park.
Actually, want to make it just us two?
I'd love to get to know you better.
If you ignore how people feel...
Do you think you can be a good actor?
Hey, Eun A is quitting after tonight.
Just letting you all know.
A new hire finally joined and is leaving?
It's obvious.
Boy-girl drama.
She hung out with Shin Ji Su for a while.
I mean, he's not even acting.
He's actually trying to seduce people.
Actors, the audience, everyone.
She's my scene partner.
I was just looking out for her.
You hear that?
Sounds like a compliment, not a diss.
Look, my point is...
Seriously though, stop stirring things up here
and just go do movies or dramas.
For real.
You've got directors lining up to cast you.
Drop it.
Life's exhausting enough as it is.
You guys killed the vibe.
I'm leaving.
Hey, if you leave,
who's going to grill the meat?
You hungry?
You guys have been roasting me
so hard I figured you were full.
- Where should I...
- I'll take that.
Grill your own damn meat, all right?
And don't come looking for me.
You have nowhere else to go.
The theater's basically your home.
You're seriously leaving?
Didn't you just get fired
from your part-time job?
You've been standing here a while.
Is there anything I can help you with?
No, I'm good.
Here, take this.
It smells really nice.
Take care.
[airy] [Part-time help wanted]
[Duties,
Drinks, customer service, cleaning, etc.]
So there's this movie
Director Jin's working on in secret.
[Dokgo]
The female lead is a gardener
who's slowly losing her sight.
She's waiting for an old love
who may never come back,
tending a garden full of poisonous plants.
It's a thriller-romance.
So?
Is Director Jin going to cast me?
I heard my scandal's got him on the fence.
Oh, come on.
Since when do tabloid rumors matter?
Nothing official even came out.
We've got a meeting set up.
So just relax at a hotel for a few days,
recharge, and then we'll reconnect.
We've got to get back to Cannes.
Pull over for a sec.
Ji Su!
You got even more handsome
since I last saw you.
Why aren't you picking up my calls?
Aren't we close enough to talk on the phone?
Need some spending money?
What?
An adult is talking.
Who does he take after with that attitude...
Want to pop in for a bit?
Forget it.
He can't avoid me forever.
I'm tired. Let's go.
So you're just sending her away?
Look, Ui Yeong...
Well...
it's getting really late
and the last train's about to stop running.
Hey, can you give her a ride to the station?
I can't drive. I had a beer.
What?
Tae Seop, why are you suddenly...
Why did you come here?
Sorry?
Why did you stick around,
hanging out with us, being so nice?
Oh, well, I...
You didn't come here to apologize.
Just say it.
I'll hear you out. One last time.
Well, the thing is...
I was going to start with an apology,
and then, this proposal...
I reworked it
in a way that benefits both sides.
I mean, obviously,
you already have a solid customer base,
but if you partner with our hotel,
it could really help
get the brand out there...
Are you done?
Want me to call you a cab?
No.
I'll go on my own.
Sorry for the trouble.
How are you so good at every game?
Did you just eat and play games all day?
I'm good at winning.
I'm in a good mood.
I made some cash, so here's a free tip.
I'm the one who made the money here.
What's the tip?
If you only play it straight like you do,
you'll never beat someone like me.
When you meet your match, just run. Okay?
What kind of tip is that?
Anyway, let's never see each other again.
Wait...
You...
seem a bit bummed.
How about one more deal with me?
What kind of...
This thing is so heavy.
Carry it to my place
and I'll give you ten thousand won.
Think of it as a delivery fee.
Yeah, this is pretty heavy, actually.
You better keep that promise.
Yeah. Here.
You knew I was hitting on you, right?
You were being so obvious about it,
I kind of had a feeling.
And
you still didn't run and came right along?
Are you done?
Done.
[23:30 (Last Bus)]
What?
That was the last bus?
Seriously, nothing is going my way today.
Gosh.
Sua, turn this way and look here.
It's uncle!
Uncle!
- Did you see the shooting star?
- What?
Hurry up and make a wish.
Sorry for the trouble.
[Ui Yeong]
The person you are trying to reach
is unavailable.
Please leave a message after the beep.
Tae Seop!
Song Tae Seop!
It's pouring out here!
It's like the sky split open!
Oh crap, this is bad.
We need to go, now.
This tent can barely handle a drizzle.
Pack everything up
and get to town with Sua ahead of me.
What about you?
I can't reach Ui Yeong.
I need to make sure she got home safe.
She's not answering.
How are you going to check?
- I don't know.
- What?
- I'll call you later.
- Hey.
Song Tae Seop!
Hey!
It's so cold.
I guess karma's finally catching up to me.
Ui Yeong!
Ui Yeong...
You alright?
I'm fine.
By any chance, did a woman
come by here, about yea tall?
Haven't seen anybody.
Alright, thanks.
Wait.
Who could you possibly be chasing at this hour?
The buses stopped running,
and nothing but critters out here after dark.
- Critters?
- That's right.
Sir, any chance I could use this bike?
I'll just loop around the area
and have it back to you.
You're riding in this storm?
Yes.
Alright, go ahead.
I appreciate it.
- My place is just down over there...
- Yes, thank you so much.
Ui Yeong!
Ui Yeong.
What?
You alright?
I'm okay, but...
You came
all the way through that downpour?
You're completely drenched.
Who are you really?
Excuse me?
How do you
want me to remember you?
We never could get our timing right.
It was always one step off.
Everything you saw...
I can't pretend that wasn't me.
The only thing I know how to do now is
lay it all out on the table.
But
there's more to me than that.
I want you to see the rest.
Give me
a little time.
Tae Seop,
thank you for coming to find me.
I'll show you I was worth it.
Oh, stop,
you sound like some politician
in a press conference.
Besides...
it wasn't all that terrible.
Well, at least the rain stopped.
How did we end up here again?
I know I checked the map.
Look, let's just get inside first.
We're asking for trouble out here.
Wait a second.
Are you religious at all?
If it helps, I'll start believing today.
Amen.
Dear Heavenly Father, sir,
was this all part of your plan?
We just need a roof for tonight.
We won't make a peep, I promise.
Amen.
Ui Yeong.
Thank you.
I'm not even religious.
I won't get struck down for sneaking in, right?
Probably not.
Still, we should slip out at first light
before people start coming in.
Okay.
Are you cold?
No.
It is much warmer than I was out there.
It must be all that hair.
It still looks completely soaked.
Hey,
face the other way for a moment?
It'll dry on its own.
That'll take forever.
One second.
I'm sorry.
No, it's just...
your hands are so warm.
Should I really be doing this?
If it's a sin,
I'll pay for it someday.
You're on bell duty later, right?
Yeah.
When's your turn?
I go after you.
Got it.
Go bring Father over.
They're definitely not here for the service.
Look. They came here to sleep.
She just opened her eyes.
I'm so sorry.
Tae Seop, wake up.
You're the priest here?
Hello.
You actually came!
Welcome.
You know our priest?
He's good-looking.
Maybe I should've just left.
Excuse me.
Guests of the church are also guests of God.
I cannot send you off hungry.
Thank you.
This is quite excellent.
Nuns collected strawberries
from the hills and made jam.
I roasted the beans slowly on a cast-iron lid.
Oh, no wonder.
The coffee is incredibly rich and smooth.
That hits the spot, doesn't it?
Yes.
If you enjoy it, consider attending church.
Last night, I gained some trust.
Did you sleep well?
Using wooden chairs might be
uncomfortable for the back.
No, everything was fine.
We would've been in real trouble
if it weren't for this place.
Thank you very much.
The doors are always open here.
But...
What are you two, exactly?
This calm one appears to take good care of you.
Are you the boyfriend?
Oh no, it's not like that.
Just an acquaintance.
Acquaintance?
Not even friends or coworkers...
I mean, technically,
"acquaintances" is correct.
But we did kiss.
And there was a witness.
Eun Ho and Sua stayed overnight
at a place downtown
and just checked out.
You could ride back with us too.
Oh, no, I'm fine.
I'll just take the train.
There would be too much to explain,
like how we met
and where we stayed.
Oh, right, that's true.
Well...
yesterday...
Yeah?
Yesterday...
Well...
You can return the clothes
I lent you next time.
Sure.
I'll make sure to have them dry-cleaned
and give them back to you.
Number 26...
Yeah, here it is.
What are you doing here?
It's my first time riding without a ticket.
If they catch me,
think I'd owe like, ten times the price?
The rain's being so wishy-washy.
But I bet it'll clear up pretty soon.
What about Uncle?
Looks like he tracked her down.
They managed to find each other this time.
Wait, weren't they fighting?
A fight can turn into a thing, you know.
I have a feeling they'll work it out.
A long time ago, churches would
take in runaways
and people wanted by the government.
Ui Yeong?
You'll have to purchase
the ticket for one adult.
Okay.
Oh, it's cold.
[We handle everything for pop-ups,
from space design to day-to-day ops]
[Styling and exhibition spaces
that match your brand's vibe perfectly]
Where did you go?
There's mud all over the front door.
Oh, that... Just let me hang this up real quick
and I'll take care of it.
And when you stay out overnight,
giving a heads-up beforehand
is just basic courtesy
to the person you live with.
It's a scary world out there.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I had to rush to Chuncheon out of nowhere
and my phone went dead.
I left the office in such a hurry
that I forgot my charger.
I'm sorry.
What's that hoodie?
This one?
What about it? It's oversized.
You don't know everyone's wearing
stuff like this now?
I met with them and tried my best
to convince them,
but it didn't work out.
Did you actually try?
I don't think that's something
you should say to someone
who went all the way to Chuncheon
and put in the work.
You're... right.
It looks like HOME and us need some time
to repair the relationship.
For now, I'll focus on finding a new vendor.
Everyone will need to work overtime
until we confirm a new vendor.
Got it.
Seriously, this is so stressful.
Sorry.
It's fine.
Sae Byeok, it's okay.
I made a list of new vendors last night.
I'll send it to you.
Please check for any plagiarism issues.
Oh, okay.
Hyun Min, let's split up
and reach out to the vendors.
First, let's see
if they can work with our schedule.
Sure, send me the list
and I'll start calling them from the top.
Sounds good.
I love this! Isn't it great?
I picked it up secondhand
to read over the weekend.
I heard it's a masterpiece.
It is. Once you start,
you really can't put it down.
But you're still on volume one?
Something else caught my interest,
so I haven't started it yet.
What's that?
[Song Tae Seop]
Hello?
It's me.
Oh, hi.
What brings you to call at this hour?
Can I see you now?
I have something important to tell you.
I'll come by your office.
Oh, sure.
What's so important?
[I'm here]
[Take your time]
Oh, Ui Yeong! You're here.
Yeah, hi! How have you been?
- We got a new part-timer, did you know?
- Oh, really?
I've been training him.
I see.
What would you like?
I'll have a hot latte.
One hot latte.
So the last part-timer quit?
Oh, that one was so unreliable.
I see.
I think I picked a good one this time.
Oh, nice.
Here he comes.
She is one of our regulars at the cafe.
She works at the hotel up there.
Shin Ji Su.
What?
Hi.
Do you two know each other?
A little.
What the...
What are you doing here now?
Well...
I really like him.
Here you go.
So how did you end up working here?
The theater season ended,
and I got fired from the restaurant
for walking out.
I still need to eat, so here I am.
Oh, the play you invited me to last time,
something urgent came up
and I couldn't make it.
Sorry.
Yeah.
I kept wondering if you'd show up,
even if it was late,
but you never did.
Oh, you were waiting?
I'm just kidding.
You can't really see the audience
from the stage anyway.
Acting's my job, so I'll keep doing shows.
Come next time.
I'll get you a ticket again.
Okay, sure.
Thanks.
Then buy me a meal.
One for being sorry, one for being grateful.
That's two meals.
Hey,
but weren't you the one
who owed me an apology first?
Yeah.
But you're not taking that back.
You always find a way
to get a free meal from me.
How about tomorrow evening?
I'm working the closing shift tonight.
Tomorrow...
Ui Yeong.
Tae Seop. You're here?
He can't tell who it is, right?
We meet again, cousin.
Why does this feel so familiar?
Are we just supposed
to walk out that door together now?
That's not going to happen.
Yesterday.
Yesterday?
We kissed.
What?
I was so jittery about seeing you again
that sleep completely escaped me.
Did you manage to get any rest?
[Our timing kept missing]
[You look like a baked sweet potato]
[You're still on my mind]
[The left hand just backs you up]
[If that's a sin, I'll make up for it one day]
You want to...
do what together?
Ki...
I should have just finished what I started.
So are you two dating?
You're not twenty.
You're giving away your heart over one kiss?
I really like you, Seung Jun.
Calm down and use your words.
We came up with ideas today.
After work...
It feels so refreshing.
You're right there within reach,
but I can't quite hold on to you,
and it's driving me crazy.
Did I really sleep with him?